[NARRATOR A]
Since the Earth came to be,
time has continued to flow.
Countless branching points
come from that flow,
causing alternate
timelines to manifest.
With his mission to
protect all smiles,
one man traverses through
those alternate timelines:
Shouta Aoi.
However, there are
powers that be
which believe the
original timeline
to be sacred above all others.
A belief that has
inspired their mission
to destroy all other
timelines in existence!
[GIRL A gasps]
Stay away!
[screams]
[SHOUTA]
Hold it!
Get away from her!
I won't let you take
any more smiles!
You should be all right
for the time being.
You're wrong.
Those who stay with me...
always end up getting hurt.
That's not because of you.
[GIRL A]
But--
Hey, don't worry.
[SHOUTA]
I have this.
And I can use it to stop them.
Where did you get that?
From a not-so-friendly
lookalike actually.
Right. Let's rest
here for a while.
[NISHIKAWA]
This isn't good.
Shouta coming into contact
with her is dangerous.
Secure her.
This is your top priority.
If you don't, then that
spacetime criminal
will bring chaos to every world.
Roger!
Hands up! And step
away from the girl!
Not a chance! I'm going
to protect her, okay?
[GIRL A groans]
What's wrong?
Oh, no.
What the hell did
you do to her?
[screams]
[BOTH gasp]
It's time!
[gasps]
[OFFICER B]
Hold--!
[SHOUTA]
Look out!
Hang on. Why did you save me?
Isn't it obvious?
You're not a bad guy.
Hurry. Take the girl and
get her somewhere safe.
[NAKAMURA]
I'm on it!
Let's go!
[SHOUTA gasps]
Are you hurt?
[NAKAMURA]
Why'd you shoot her?
I'm sorry.
Please save everyone.
Look out!
[OFFICERS scream]
Excellent. This couldn't
have gone better.
Commander Nishikawa,
what the hell is going on?
Well done.
You've managed to make it back
alive, Captain Nakamura.
Cut the crap! Why did you
order them to shoot her?
Nakamura, you're
forgetting our mission.
We have one job.
We protect history.
Which means putting down
the criminals who threaten it.
Shouta Aoi was trying
to protect that girl.
[NISHIKAWA chuckles]
Tell me something.
Are you suddenly friends with
him now, since he saved you?
Countless alternate timelines
are continuing to
sprout, like weeds.
And all of them are a threat to
the sacred original timeline.
Sacred?
[NISHIKAWA] Every time
a timeline branches off,
they become weaker,
sullying the sacred timeline.
I will not stand idly by
and let that continue!
What are you--?
By using the Time Noise
created by that girl,
I could destroy all
the other timelines.
But Shouta Aoi stopped me.
Who the hell are you?
[NISHIKAWA laughs]
Who am I?
Why, I'm just a lowly repairman,
born to protect the
sacred timeline.
[NAKAMURA]
What are these things?
[NISHIKAWA chuckles]
Try to keep up, will you?
They're the Time Noise.
And more importantly...
...they're under my control.
[NISHIKAWA sighs]
You poor fool.
You can run, but not
for much longer.
[WOMAN A] Of course I said
yes. I'm not stupid.
[PEOPLE gasping]
How can I help you today, sir?
They must fall, all of them,
for the sacred timeline!
[laughing]
They're already here.
[MAN]
Oh, hello to you, too.
Well, damn. Don't
scare me like that.
Heh.
Shouta Aoi. Didn't take
you for a quitter.
Don't expect much from him.
It's up to us to stop Nishikawa.
How's that? We'd need an army!
Calm down.
We're members of the Time
Patrol. We have infinite time.
We'll figure something out.
That's your plan?
We wait and do nothing?
The longer we wait,
the more timelines are lost!
And the more people will suffer!
Hang on! Don't do
anything stupid!
[SHOUTA] I have this.
And I can use it to stop them.
Oh, man. This is busted,
and it has the wrong time.
[BOY A]
Did you get busted up. too?
I can ask Big Brother.
He might be able to fix
up your clock for you.
Until then, you can
borrow mine if you want.
Bye-bye!
[GIRL A]
I'm sorry.
Please save everyone.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
Hello, we're coming to
you live and on the scene
with today's weather report!
And boy, is it coming down!
Hey there, bucko, looks like
you've sprung a leak or two!
[POPUKO] Ugh! What's your
problem? Stupid cloud.
Anyway, let's take
a look at the forecast
for the Kanto Region
for the rest of the day.
And here's the rest of the week.
As you can see,
things will be nice and mellow
Monday through Friday,
but it looks like
we're in for a bit
of nasty weather this weekend.
And that's the weather, folks!
[singing in Japanese]
[NARRATOR B]
Wow! Yummy!
The spinal cord pop
out! Buy now!
All right. Where's Shouta?
Shouta? I think you're mistaken.
Because the only thing you'll
find here is your own grave!
Heh.
You really are a fool. Kill him.
[ALL]
Sir!
[yells]
Right, then. I think
that's enough of that.
Time to put an end to all this.
[SHOUTA]
Hey!
[gasps]
What's up, guys?
Get away! He's too strong!
Huh. Excellent.
The hero has arrived.
Remember to stretch it
out before kicking butt!
Heh. Energetic as ever, I see.
Tell me, what exactly
do you think you can do?
You can't even transform.
Nishikawa, it's time
for you to pay
for this scar you gave me!
[NISHIKAWA yells]
[screams]
You stole the future.
Time to take it back.
It's time!
[NISHIKAWA yells]
[gasps]
Sorry, I'm late!
You're right on time!
Look out!
[OFFICER F growls]
[OFFICER D yells]
[yells]
[PEOPLE chattering]
[gasps]
[yells]
[screams]
[NISHIKAWA yells]
[NISHIKAWA]
Take this!
Time's up, Shouta.
It's over. You can't defeat me.
Never. I won't give up.
Not while I still have
the strength to fight.
For a future where
everyone can smile!
Your pathetic little
fairytale future...
...will never be!
[yells]
But how?!
[SHOUTA gasps]
[POPUKOS, PIPIMIS]
Pop Team Epic ! Pop Team Epic !
Pop Team Epic !
Pop Team Epic... !
They're here. And just
in the nick of time!
Call all the vermin you want.
You're all dead!
All right! Let's go!
[yells]
[BOTH yell]
[NISHIKAWA yells]
Time is a precious,
sacred thing.
Your filthy hands
will never touch it!
[yells]
No matter how filthy
you think they are,
we can still join
hands together!
[BOTH laughing]
Endless Punch!
[NISHIKAWA screams]
[NISHIKAWA]
Well then,
I guess that fairytale of
yours will finally exist...
[NISHIKAWA] A future where
everyone can smile.
Hey. Where did you
two come from?
We're from the future.
Or rather a future that may
yet come to pass, right?
[SHOUTA]
Hm?